docs/software_requirements_specification.md, before:

# Overview

Listed below are the functional and non-fuctional requirements for the
game that will be created.

# Functional

## Player
1.
2.
3.

## Inventory
1.
2.
3.

## Levels
1.
2.
3.

## Main Menu
1. The main menu shall allow the player to start the game.
2. The main menu shall allow the player to quit the game.
3. The main menu shall have a sub-menu to select a level to start at.
4. The main menu shall have a sub-menu to change options.

## Options Menu
1. The options menu shall allow the player to mute/unmute audio.
2. The options menu shall allow the player to select the difficulty of the game.


## Level Select Menu
1. The level select menu shall allow the player to choose the level to start at.
2. The level select menu shall allow the user to return to the main menu.

# Non-functional

## Player
1.
2.
3.

## Inventory
1.
2.
3.

## Levels
1.
2.
3.

## Menus
1. All menus shall be easy to navigate with the arrow keys or WASD.
2. All menus shall be responsive to user input.
3. All menus shall have a readable font size.

Commit message:

added requirements to player character

docs/software_requirements_specification.md, after:

# Overview

Listed below are the functional and non-fuctional requirements for the
game that will be created.

# Functional

## Player
1. The player character shall be able to move left and right.
2. The player character shall be able to jump.
3. The player character shall be able to shoot.

## Inventory
1.
2.
3.

## Levels
1.
2.
3.

## Main Menu
1. The main menu shall allow the player to start the game.
2. The main menu shall allow the player to quit the game.
3. The main menu shall have a sub-menu to select a level to start at.
4. The main menu shall have a sub-menu to change options.

## Options Menu
1. The options menu shall allow the player to mute/unmute audio.
2. The options menu shall allow the player to select the difficulty of the game.


## Level Select Menu
1. The level select menu shall allow the player to choose the level to start at.
2. The level select menu shall allow the user to return to the main menu.

# Non-functional

## Player
1. The player character controls shall feel smooth.
2. The player character shall be able to move without becoming stuck.
3. The player character shall be able to interact with items without problems.

## Inventory
1.
2.
3.

## Levels
1.
2.
3.

## Menus
1. All menus shall be easy to navigate with the arrow keys or WASD.
2. All menus shall be responsive to user input.
3. All menus shall have a readable font size.
